Add ARM architecture support for APIM docker images (#2751)
gravitee-io/gravitee-api-management: .circleci/Workflows.md

    sonarConsole: Sonar - gravitee-apim-console-webui
    webUILintConsole --> sonarConsole

    storybook: Build Console Storybook
    setup --> storybook

    state join_state_storybook <<join>>
    storybook --> join_state_storybook
    test --> join_state_storybook
    testPlugin --> join_state_storybook
    testRepository --> join_state_storybook

    chromatic: console-webui-chromatic-deployment
    join_state_storybook --> chromatic

    webUIConsole: Build APIM Console
    setup --> webUIConsole
    deployAzure: console-webui-deploy-on-azure-storage
    webUIConsole --> deployAzure
    commentPR: console-webui-comment-pr-after-deployment
    deployAzure --> commentPR

    %% Portal
    webUILintPortal: Lint & test APIM Portal
    setup --> webUILintPortal
    sonarPortal: Sonar - gravitee-apim-portal-webui
    webUILintPortal --> sonarPortal

    webUIPortal: Build APIM Portal
    setup --> webUIPortal

    %% others
    e2eSDK: Generate e2e tests SDK
    build --> e2eSDK
    e2eLintBuild: Lint & build APIM e2e
    perfLintBuild: Lint & build APIM perf
    e2eSDK --> e2eLintBuild
    e2eSDK --> perfLintBuild
```

## Merge PR and run E2E PR Workflow

> Here is the workflow for a merge PR and a "run E2E" PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is the workflow triggered after a push on any branch containing `merge` or `run-e2e` in its name.
```

    e2eLintBuild: Lint & build APIM e2e
    perfLintBuild: Lint & build APIM perf
    e2eSDK --> e2eLintBuild
    e2eSDK --> perfLintBuild

    state join_state_e2e_test <<join>>
    buildImages --> join_state_e2e_test
    e2eLintBuild --> join_state_e2e_test
    e2eTestV3Mongo: Test APIM E2E - v3 - Mongo
    e2eTestV3JDBC: Test APIM E2E - v3 - JDBC
    e2eTestV3Bridge: Test APIM E2E - v3 - Bridge
    e2eTestJupiterMongo: Test APIM E2E - Jupiter - Mongo
    e2eTestJupiterJDBC: Test APIM E2E - Jupiter - JDBC
    e2eTestJupiterBridge: Test APIM E2E - Jupiter - Bridge
    join_state_e2e_test --> e2eTestV3Mongo
    join_state_e2e_test --> e2eTestV3JDBC
    join_state_e2e_test --> e2eTestV3Bridge
    join_state_e2e_test --> e2eTestJupiterMongo
    join_state_e2e_test --> e2eTestJupiterJDBC
    join_state_e2e_test --> e2eTestJupiterBridge

    state join_state_e2e_cypress <<join>>
    e2eLintBuild --> join_state_e2e_cypress
    webUIConsole --> join_state_e2e_cypress
    webUIPortal --> join_state_e2e_cypress
    buildImages --> join_state_e2e_cypress
    e2eCypress: Run Cypress UI tests
    join_state_e2e_cypress --> e2eCypress
```

## Merge on master and support branches Workflow

> Here is the workflow for a merge on master or on a support brnach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is the workflow triggered after a merge on the `master` or a support branch.
```
